README.md, before:

Maya-Node-Interface
===================

A **HUGE THANKS** to Justin Israel (justinfx) and all of his help with this project. It wouldn't have been possible (no, literally) without him.

I designed this Node-based interface as a way of learning Python and PyQt.  It has been developed with Maya 2011 and only (as of now) works with Maya 2011.  It's only meant to work with setting up particle systems.  Some node functions aren't complete, but for the most part all of them are working.

NOTE: As mentioned above, I designed this GUI to LEARN Python and PyQt. This is my first project with Python and PyQt, so if you expect to have the most efficient perfect code, you will be sorely dissapointed. But it does what I set out for it to do. Which is why it's free :-)

DOUBLE NOTE: Unfortunately I don't have enough time, or frankly the willpower (as of yet), to put together a complete tutorial walk-through of how I designed this and how everything works. Maybe I eventually I will put one together.

Commit message:

added simple instructions
reorganized README into sections

README.md, after:

# Maya-Node-Interface #

## About ##

I designed this Node-based interface as a way of learning Python and PyQt.  It has been developed with Maya 2011 and only (as of now) works with Maya 2011.  It's only meant to work with setting up particle systems.  Some node functions aren't complete, but for the most part all of them are working.

NOTE: As mentioned above, I designed this GUI to LEARN Python and PyQt. This is my first project with Python and PyQt, so if you expect to have the most efficient perfect code, you will be sorely dissapointed. But it does what I set out for it to do. Which is why it's free :-)

DOUBLE NOTE: Unfortunately I don't have enough time, or frankly the willpower (as of yet), to put together a complete tutorial walk-through of how I designed this and how everything works. Maybe I eventually I will put one together.

## Requirements ##

This app depends on PyQt4 installed for Maya

## Instructions ##

Download the package and place the `MayaNodeInterface` directory somewhere in your Maya `PYTHONPATH`

In Maya:  
```python
import MayaNodeInterface
MayaNodeInterface.show()
```

## Contributors ##

A **HUGE THANKS** to Justin Israel [(justinfx)](https://github.com/justinfx) and all of his help with this project. It wouldn't have been possible (no, literally) without him.
